pan-os-list-applications (#24521)
demisto/content: Packs/PAN-OS/ReleaseNotes/1_16_9.md

#### Integrations
##### Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS

> - Added support for filters *characteristics*, *technology*, *sub_category*, *category*, *risk*, *name_contain*, *name_match*  arguments in the ***pan-os-list-applications*** command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for the following filters in the ***pan-os-list-applications*** command:
then specify the list
```

> - Added support for *limit* argument in the ***pan-os-list-applications*** command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added support for the *limit* argument in the ***pan-os-list-applications*** command.
```
